[theme song starts]
[computer blipping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
COMMON INTEREST
[police radio]
HQ transfer, calling Car Alpha.
Car Alpha, go ahead.
In three miles,
you'll meet up with escort two as planned.
[electricity crackles and tense music]
Copy that.
You happy to be going home, huh, Duncan?
I don't talk to cops, so save your breath.
Typical.
That's what you get trying to be nice.
[tense music]
[grunts]
[Duncan screams]
Duncan, hey! What's going on? What's up?
Pull over. He's had some kind of attack.
[breaks screeching]
-[policewoman] Car Alpha to HQ Transfer.
-[police radio] Go ahead, car Alpha.
Duncan! Hey, you okay?
What's going on here?
Huh?
Following procedure three:
momentary stop to assess the situation…
[policeman screams]
Hey!
[police radio] Roger, Car Alpha.
Standing by for information.
-[policewoman gasps]
-[police radio] Car Alpha what's going on?
-[Duncan laughs]
-[police radio] Come in please. Car Alpha?
[theme music]
[unintelligible chatter]
Peter Duncan escaped from a police
transport van without any outside help?
Yeah, that's what they said on the radio.
You know, ever since David Copperfield
made the Statue of Liberty disappear
nothing surprises me anymore.
What bothers me is that
the two police officers
who were guarding him
talked about a supernatural force.
-You think XANA is involved?
-[Jeremy] Not a chance.
The Superscan doesn't show
any activated tower, I just checked.
I hope you're right.
Imagine, public enemy number one
under XANA's control.
Talk about double trouble!
A public enemy?
What did this Duncan guy do?
Oh, nothing much: fine art theft,
safe cracking, kidnapping,
bank robberies…
You okay, Aelita?
[panting]
Yes… I just…
didn't sleep very well last night.
-[bell ringing]
-Don't forget, we have a math test.
[Jeremy] You gonna be all right?
No problem.
[menacing music]
As you all know, the exam covers
the principles of division.
I hope you've studied hard.
Hey, Ulrich. What's the last digit
of a number divisible by two, huh?
Zero!
Oh yeah, that's the answer.
Well done, ma'am!
No, that's the grade you're going
to get if you keep trying to cheat!
[Odd] Oh…
Well, Jeremy. Is there a problem?
I finished, ma'am.
I see… Good work!
Excellent in fact, Jeremy.
[classmates murmur]
[tense music]
[Aelita moans]
Aelita, are you okay?
[grunts]
Aelita!
[students gasp and murmur]
[theme music]
[siren wailing]
Okay, what have we got?
Adolescent, 12 years old, unconscious,
-very weak pulse, irregular heartbeat.
-Put her in Bay one.
[machine beeping]
She's gone into fibrillation!
Ten milliliters of adraxine.
[gasps]
[doctor one] Heart's failing!
She's holding down. Cardiac unit!
Clear!
[flatlining]
Nothing?
Clear!
[flatlining]
[grunts]
[steady beeping]
That kid's got a real guardian angel,
that's for sure.
So, how is she?
She's fine, don't worry.
She'll be all right,
but it's an extraordinary case.
Can we see her?
I don't see why not,
but not too much noise.
She needs to rest.
Don't worry doctor.
Everyone knows that I'm quiet and calm.
How are your test results?
Completely normal.
Maybe it's got something to do
with the fact
that you're not really human.
It could be the virus that
XANA implanted in me.
Did you find anything, Jeremy?
Dead calm, as far as XANA's concerned.
No activated towers.
Although, the Superscan seems
to have reset itself.
It's not giving the right results.
Kind of like me.
I guess it didn't study either.
No class this afternoon.
I'm going to pay a visit to the factory
and check it out.
We'll go with you.
I'll stay here.
We can have a girl to girl talk for once.
[laughs]
[action music]
[theme music]
Hey! What the…
This guy's crazy!
[laughs sinisterly]
[tires screech]
[grunts]
Don't move… Put your hands in the air!
[chuckles sinisterly]
[gasps]
Hands up!
[theme music]
[digital whirring]
That's exactly what I was afraid of.
-What?
-The Superscan bugged up.
-I'll find out why in a minute.
-The real question is…
Can you fix it?
Well, normally… yeah.
But the debugging phase takes time.
I don't know if it's a minor bug
or something more serious which might--
Okay! If XANA's activated a tower,
we'll find it much faster
by going directly to Lyoko.
-You coming, Ulrich?
-[Ulrich nods]
[action music]
Transfer, Ulrich!
Transfer, Odd!
Scanner, Ulrich! Scanner, Odd!
Virtualization!
All clear here.
We're gonna have to search
all the sectors.
Don't panic!
I'm calling up your vehicles, guys.
[digital whirring]
[Ulrich] Jeremy!
How's it going with the Superscan?
Not too great…
Well anyway, you might as well forget it.
No wait, we found it!
Activated tower, dead ahead.
Right, I've got it.
Twenty-five degrees north-northeast.
Nice job, you guys.
Now all we gotta do is bring Aelita here
to deactivate it.
Okay, I'm bringing you in.
[powering down]
[sarcastically]
That's great! Now what's up?
Oh no!
Can you hear me? Hey!
Ulrich, Odd!
[Ulrich]
Jeremy, not that we're in a rush, but…
Jeremy? Taking your time, there…
Jeremy?
Must have forgotten to pay his phone bill.
Wait, the funniest part is:
Hiroki says to my father
"Papa, when I grow up, I'm gonna look
like you, but with muscles!"
[both laugh]
[gasps]
-[flatlining]
-Aelita?
Oh no, I don't believe it!
Get a doctor, quickly!
[grunts]
[Jeremy]
What's wrong with this darn Supercomputer?
Jeremy, are you gonna bring us in or not?
We'll manage without him.
Get ready.
One…
Two…
Three!
[both grunt]
[both groaning]
We… can't be devirtualized!
The scanners must be offline.
What is going on around here, anyway?
I have no idea…
But we've got a real problem.
That's the understatement of the year.
[groans]
This is really bad!
Huh? What is that?
How about… a gigantic, invisible eraser?
[Ulrich] Let's get outta here!
Jeremy, do something fast,
before it's too late!
[action music]
Come on, start up will you!
Jeremy, can you hear us?
We have a big bug here!
-[Odd] Ulrich!
-[Ulrich screams] Help!
Thanks!
Huh? No!
[both scream]
[flatline]
[exhales]
Finally!
[Odd and Ulrich screaming]
[both panting]
[gasps]
Looks like Lyoko's recharged
its batteries.
[flatline]
[steady beeping resumes]
In all of my years as a doctor
this is the first time
I've ever seen that.
[groans]
Hey, we're doing okay!
Oh no, the nuclear battery is going dead!
[theme music]
The uranium in the nuclear battery
is almost all used up
so the Supercomputer keeps failing
and pretty soon,
it'll turn off altogether!
[Odd] Oh… Is that all?
Then we just have to change the battery.
A Supercomputer is not the same
as a Game Boy, Odd.
You can't just pick up a bar of uranium
at the corner store.
But isn't there a kind
of emergency backup battery?
No, I checked.
[Yumi] XANA is dying.
[Jeremy] And so is Aelita.
And all on account
of that miserable virus!
[Yumi and Odd sigh]
[sighs]
I'm gonna get something to drink.
[screams]
Hey, princess.
Is this the best TV set they could find?
Don't bother trying to cheer me up.
I heard what they said in the hallway.
[panting]
Jeremy's disappeared!
But he can't have left just like that.
[beeping]
[moans]
-[flatline]
-[Yumi] Aelita!
[phone ringing]
Ulrich, it's me.
Jeremy, where are you?
Aelita's just had another attack!
[Jeremy] That figures.
I just turned off the Supercomputer.
What?
Peter Duncan is under XANA's control.
He kidnapped me
to make me replace the battery.
That means that Aelita is safe too, then!
Fantastic!
Yeah,
except that once the new battery is in…
Duncan's gonna try to kill me.
[beeping]
It's room 117.
Little Aelita!
The only way to get rid of Duncan
is for you to go to Lyoko
and deactivate the tower.
Get Aelita out of the hospital,
and get here ASAP!
Aelita's heart can't take
an awful lot more of this.
[Jeremy] I know, so hurry!
[theme music]
[both gasp]
[menacing music]
This oughta do the trick.
[grunting]
Easy…
Please let Aelita still be alive.
[battery powering up]
[Duncan] You won't get away from me!
[groans]
Yumi, Ulrich, Odd, are you there?
Tell me you're there!
[Odd] You're there.
[exhales]
We're in the scanner room.
[Jeremy] Is Aelita okay?
Couldn't be better!
[Odd] Launch the procedure
for Aelita, Yumi and me.
We're gonna deactivate that darn tower!
But where's Ulrich?
Here I am.
You didn't think we'd let you have
all the fun with Peter Duncan, did you?
[Jeremy] Transfer, Odd! Transfer, Aelita!
Transfer, Yumi!
[action music]
Virtualization!
You should see the tower.
Over there!
Watch out!
[gasps]
Kankrelats!
We haven't seen you guys for a while.
I missed you.
Laser arrow!
[explosion]
One down…
[grunting]
Jeremy, we're gonna need our vehicles!
Your rides are on the way.
[moans]
[Jeremy]
Yumi, you're down to ten life points!
The vehicles are materializing.
[Jeremy] Hurry up, guys!
We're doing our best.
It's no picnic out here!
There's no time, Odd, let's go!
Must be your lucky day,
you little Kanker creeps!
Tower dead ahead!
Great!
Can you handle him?
I love entertaining guests.
Two monsters in view.
[laughs]
[lasers blasting]
Aelita, jump!
[grunting]
Run to the tower!
Ulrich!
[grunts]
[grunting]
[mechanical roar]
Now it's your turn!
[panting]
[moans]
Odd!
[gasping]
[mechanical roar]
Aelita, time to pull out all the stops!
[moans]
[ethereal music]
[monster roars]
[Jeremy grunting]
Tower deactivated.
[Duncan groans]
Hey, you okay?
[nods]
[theme music]
[Yumi] "Peter Duncan was found unconscious
in front of police headquarters.
The police are investigating
but for the moment don't have any leads
as to how the escaped prisoner ended up
outside the police station."
Even if we did tell them the truth,
they'd never believe us.
You're right, that's how it is
for unsung heroes like ourselves.
We gotta act and win,
and remain in the shadows
I guess that's what being a true hero
is all about.
But someday, everyone is gonna know
just how brave we are.
And we'll reap the real benefits
and rewards true heroes deserve.
Hey, speaking of rewards,
I just saw Mrs. Meyer.
Uh-oh…
She gave me the results of the math test.
And great, what did I get?
Eight thousand six hundred and fifty
plus 51 minus 10,000 plus 1,299.
You mean I got… Uh…
Wow!
I got 100?
No… Zero!
Don't worry Odd.
One day, everyone's gonna know how brave
you are by not studying.
And you'll reap the rewards
that an unsung hero like you deserves.
But don't hold your breath!
[all laugh except Odd]
[theme music]